All right so we know that our form is working because we tested this out on The Last Lecture right.
So now it's time for us to start extracting some of the other fields here.
E-mail the username email and password and convert them into variables and then cleaning them up before
they go into the database.
Right.
So let's go ahead and do that.
This create this user name
and email and you can create in the variables right now password.
Let's put this here.
All of them.
And if you want to make this nice.
There you go.
You're going to copy this right here and put the semi-colon.
Don't forget that.
Go and just change the keys right.
So Matt leave your email and password.
Perfect.
All right.
Now let's clean them up.
And I'm just going to copy this whole thing again here.
I'm going to take this more for this off and I get this back here and get this back in now use a function
my ask you apply real escape
if I can spell it correctly that would be nice right.
And this copy this thing all of them would go nice.
Right.
Let's use that one there.
So here now forgetting something.
Hopefully you were able to catch me to notice what I'm forgetting here.
All right.
You can post a video and think about it but I'm missing something right here.
And if missing this will this whole thing would not work.
All right.
So if you post a video maybe you usually have to pause a video to know that missing a parameter here
for this function.
Remember that parameter Well misconnection.
Right.
So make sure that you got that parameter there.
Now you're going to get an error in saying that you need two parameters.
There we go.
Now we can test this out right here and let's try it.
And he's going to write as a user name and then add one for it and when does come and password are used.
And now you can see my user name right here.
All right.
That data is cleaned up he's escaped when he goes to the database.
He's not going to corrupt our database just in case we have some of those hackers entering our Web site
and ARCI a mess trying to find out the groups trying to find our passwords and things like that and
try to inject as you statements.
They don't begin to encrypt the password so that way we prevent those hackers from doing that too.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture and I see you in the next one.
Take care.